# INCOMPLETE VERSION -- PyFrechet

'/frechetForCurves/PyFrechet' is a Python API package

## Description

The API is designed to make use of Dr. Wenks Frechet programs. Dr. Wenks
Frechet and WFrechet programs were initially written in C and used command
lines and print statements to create a user interface.

This active program interface takes a modified version of the two C programs
and wraps them using CFFI (C Foreign Function Interface) API In-Line.

The .so (shares object) libraries generated by CFFI are used to create the pure
Python API package. The plan for this API is to be able to:

  * Check if a continuous path on both curves exists for epsilon (using
    Frechet Distance and Weak Frechet Distance)
  * One or two epsilon optimization algos (using Frechet Distance and Weak
    Frechet Distance)
  * Visualizing the free space for epsilon (using Frechet Distance)

### Documentations
  All detailed Documentation is going to be generated using Doxygen located in
  '/docs.'

  Overall tutorials of how to use the basic program will be written in this
  README.me.

### Dependencies

* To rebuild the portion of code written in C, You will have to run
  '/source/cffi/build.py' and install CFFI 1.7.0. This will deploy the new code
  to the Python API package.  

* The visualization engine will run using GeoPandas. This will have to be
  installed however I can probably find a way to have this installed to python3
  non-native library automatically.

### Executing program

These are some examples of how the .distance could be used:
```
from distance import StrongDistance, WeakDistance

sd = StrongDistance.setcurves("test_curve_1.txt", "test_curve_2.txt", True)

sd.setfreespace(70)

vc = sd.getverticalcurve()
print(f"    First point on vertical curve: ({vc[0].x}, {vc[0].y})\n")

hc = sd.getverticalcurve()
print(f"    First point on horizonal curve: ({hc[0].x}, {hc[0].y})\n")

ve = sd.getverticaledges()
print(f"    Number of edges on vertical curve: {ve}\n")

he = sd.gethorizontaledges()
print(f"    Number of edges on vertical curve: {he}\n")

fs = sd.getfreespace()
print(f"""    First wall and floor or freespace cell:

              {fs.vertical_end[0][0]}

              {fs.vertical_start[0][0]}
                    {fs.horizontal_start[0][0]}     {fs.horizontal_end[0][0]}
    \n""")
```

These are some examples of how the .optimise could be used:

(When 'setBoundaries()' is not called. Default starting bounds are maximum
distance across free space diagram)

```
from distance import StrongDistance
from optimise import BinarySearch

sd = StrongDistance.setcurves("test_curve_1.txt", "test_curve_2.txt", True)

bs = BinarySearch(sd)
bs.setBoundaries(10, 100)
bs.setPercision(0.00001)
bs.search()

```

## Authors and Acknowledgements

Refer to Doxygen .html file for specific contributions.

* Will Rodman
  * <wrodman@tulane.edu>
* Carola Wenk
  * <cwenk@tulane.edu>
  * <http://www.cs.tulane.edu/~carola/research/code.html>

### Version History

 * THIS PROGRAM IN UNCOMPLETE!
